Magalie Marcellus: Hello.
Bethany Oxyer: Hi, can you hear me.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I hear you now.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, well, your screen is frozen. So is the Internet bad
Magalie Marcellus: Hello.
Yes. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: I, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Better air. Can you hear me now. Hello.
Bethany Oxyer: I hear you can hear me. So I don't know, we've
Magalie Marcellus: Oh my goodness, what's going on.
Bethany Oxyer: Yeah, we read the
Bethany Oxyer: Flooding and we've had like three to four inches of rain in the last two to three days I have to walk over the hill and through the woods to get out to our car to go try to find Wi Fi and it's just been a nightmare.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow yeah that
Magalie Marcellus: So are you close to
Your house.
Bethany Oxyer: We're about five miles. I'm just at a friend's house trying to use their Wi Fi.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Well, thank you for
Bethany Oxyer: 15
Bethany Oxyer: Place To Be like 15 degrees tonight and then down to nine degree Saturday.
Magalie Marcellus: We terrible weather.
Magalie Marcellus: That is no
Bethany Oxyer: Yeah, we had about four inches seven days ago, but it's all melted off now and we've had about three inches of rain since then.
Bethany Oxyer: And I live in an era we live on the river and the creeks and things will back up and flash flood, but now the
Bethany Oxyer: Rivers lemon up to. So everything's
Magalie Marcellus: On all around us. That's not good. Now I you did you find a new place that are using the word with the friend.
Bethany Oxyer: Is no friend, but we've pretty much about not everything moved over and and probably 75% on
Magalie Marcellus: The faces the place we're going to model.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Okay, that's good.
Magalie Marcellus: And how's it going
Bethany Oxyer: I'm doing pretty well.
Bethany Oxyer: Still trying to battle the diabetes and stuff and get it under control, but he's down into two hundreds. Now, which is a lot better than the 400
Magalie Marcellus: You know, we're making progress.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And he's on answer at all.
Bethany Oxyer: Yeah, yeah. He said they're trying on that new tree, J. O that they bought out
Magalie Marcellus: So the jobs. So tell me about the job.
Bethany Oxyer: And everything cleared through and they I planned on starting the second or the third for training, but they moved it back until
Bethany Oxyer: The end of March or beginning of April. So then kind of put on hold. But I guess it's nothing to do with me. It's just their scheduling, they move everything back
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So you haven't done that, if they had enough.
Bethany Oxyer: No, no. But everything's cleared Bruce, it all looks good. It's just a matter of getting started and they're hiring another round of people. And once they get that group through then they're supposed to start the training.
Magalie Marcellus: I'll take that on.
Magalie Marcellus: Sunday. I want you to bend down with yourself.
Bethany Oxyer: Just cleaning houses babysitting making little extra money doing that kind of like I was before. It's for the same gentleman that we were working forward before just not
Bethany Oxyer: As much with the weather and stuff, the way it's been we haven't had a lot of work.
Magalie Marcellus: Transportation
Bethany Oxyer: Yeah, they, they take us anywhere. Pretty much. We need to go.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, so because you have access
Magalie Marcellus: To transportation
Magalie Marcellus: How's your daughter doing what
Bethany Oxyer: She's doing great. I don't know if I told you last time or not. I know I told him in group that I found out she found out she's pregnant so
Have another grandbaby
Magalie Marcellus: She doin overall with the pregnancy.
Bethany Oxyer: So far, so good. Last time she had kind of a rough pregnancy, she about six, seven months, and she started having a lot of
Magalie Marcellus: Problems and
Bethany Oxyer: Just passing out when she would stand up, things like that. And they found out they said that her heart wasn't pumping enough blood for her and the baby and it was causing some problems, but
Bethany Oxyer: They've got her on some different medications and she's being checked for how they can't find out they said something to do with like the electrical rhythm. It's something more neurologic than actually with the muscle itself, its, its
Magalie Marcellus: Heart Rhythm itself as messed up. So you're treating her for that too.
Magalie Marcellus: If she's still working.
Bethany Oxyer: Yeah, still work in said she was going to work up until the doctor took her off.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: You know she's still active. So that's a good sign.
Magalie Marcellus: And how's your grandson.
Bethany Oxyer: He's, he's doing real well he's too so
Bethany Oxyer: He's in kind of that into everything stage.
Bethany Oxyer: Funny during Christmas. She told me she said that she had put up a couple of Christmas trees, their main one. And then a couple of small ones and the one that she put up in his ranch had a bunch of Mickey Mouse ornaments and he said
Bethany Oxyer: Everyone I'm often eight the ears off of
Magalie Marcellus: All know
Magalie Marcellus: That face everything in the mouth.
Magalie Marcellus: And how often you seen him.
Bethany Oxyer: A couple. Well, no less than once a week, usually twice a week. I've been going to dinner with her just going out and babysitting, or that kind of thing. At least one day I usually try to watch him for a while she goes to work.
Bethany Oxyer: And you go to
Uh huh.
Bethany Oxyer: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, what else we
Magalie Marcellus: Just
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: She's given you such just knew enough to pay to watch him so that's
Magalie Marcellus: something to be proud of.
Magalie Marcellus: You say,
Bethany Oxyer: This wiki having that isn't with the web. Oh, this week.
Bethany Oxyer: Yeah, just the weather, the flooding is is all around us and you have to go so far out of the way to get anywhere you know try
Bethany Oxyer: Before here and before there and it's
Bethany Oxyer: On hold work and all
Magalie Marcellus: The way you able to get your medication everything
Bethany Oxyer: Yeah, I have to go. Usually it's about 1515 miles to the pharmacy and now we have to go probably closer to 30
Magalie Marcellus: What happened.
Magalie Marcellus: Just the flooding the tour and around all so it's taken a longer just a good photo.
Magalie Marcellus: So it wasn't that though why my soul was changed you.
Bethany Oxyer: Know we know nothing to do with that. We just have to go about 10 more miles out of the way to get around to get into the
Magalie Marcellus: Odd will get around somewhere.
Magalie Marcellus: Anything or Chase. Wow. Hopefully that gets
Magalie Marcellus: cleared up.
Magalie Marcellus: So I enjoy that no one's
Here.
Bethany Oxyer: They're calling for some more rain again tomorrow, which is unbelievable. I mean, this is
Bethany Oxyer: Our ground saturated
dries up
Magalie Marcellus: As a water gone into people's houses. I just high
Bethany Oxyer: It's just high right now. I'm sure out back there. Some, some folks that live out back that it usually does get up in their house if it gets this bad
Bethany Oxyer: So I'm sure there are people and I know they've had a lot of water rescues signed to drive through the flash floods and get stranded. I've seen that on the news, where there's been about that too. So
Magalie Marcellus: Wow. So what city are you in LA.
Bethany Oxyer: Well, it's bid. Well, but it's right next to gallop lists and that's where pretty much most of the flooding is in guy you County and we're still in guy you County. It's Bidwell town, but we're in guy Academy
Bethany Oxyer: mags and Dahlia both down through here along the river.
Bethany Oxyer: All low bottom and it all floods really bad.
Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: So, and you say, So planning for rain.
Magalie Marcellus: Is anything that you guys can do here. I
Magalie Marcellus: Will take your property.
Bethany Oxyer: Know it's pretty much where we're used to a lot of the flash floods, it's just
Bethany Oxyer: Usually doesn't go on this long, but when it does now the rivers want to start. So even the main roads like or state routes are going to be starting from underwater now.
Magalie Marcellus: So that's when it gets real live in the river starts
Magalie Marcellus: Loading came go anywhere.
Bethany Oxyer: No.
Bethany Oxyer: may even have the, the small tamp on here like Tom away and things that are that's up the road when it gets high usually the river will come up and get in all the
Bethany Oxyer: Shops and everything they have to sandbag the shops and the parking lot and move all the like the core lots out used car lot all those after like you ate it. It gets pretty bad when the river gets up.
Magalie Marcellus: So I they offer anything to help you guys so protect like the sandbag you mentioned
Magalie Marcellus: It.
Magalie Marcellus: Here. Yeah, they
Bethany Oxyer: You know, well, it wouldn't help us really, we don't have any kind of property or anything that's want to be damaged, but
Magalie Marcellus: No.
Bethany Oxyer: I do offer it when when it starts coming up.
Bethany Oxyer: Uh huh. FEMA comes in.
Magalie Marcellus: A half. Are you from your daughter.
Bethany Oxyer: She's about 15 miles.
Magalie Marcellus: 15 miles.
Bethany Oxyer: Yeah.
About 15%
Magalie Marcellus: Of a distance. Yeah.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Bethany Oxyer: I'm growing up here. It doesn't seem like it's
Bethany Oxyer: Used to it. But once you live in town and get used to not traveling like that. It doesn't take a lot longer.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. Because you guys have. Is it like a major roads or are you just have smaller boat. That's true.
Magalie Marcellus: So get around the roads because it's
Bethany Oxyer: A small community.
Magalie Marcellus: In the country where it's grabbing
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: It is, yeah. Just
wear my dog.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: So, um, so what you've been doing to keep yourself occupied and to stay on top of your recovery.
Bethany Oxyer: Just working and I found I started writing letters I enjoy writing letters. Now I found like
Bethany Oxyer: I don't know if I can't express something, you know, face to face, and talking. I've got to where I wrote letters to my son and my daughter.
Bethany Oxyer: Not that maybe even they would get them but you know I figure if I put it in words. And I want to give it to them a couple days down the road, then I can I have it. You know, it's kind of, I guess, a form of journaling, but just
Magalie Marcellus: A little different, I'll call it hell.
Out of you.
Magalie Marcellus: So you have to express our emotions.
Bethany Oxyer: Right.
Bethany Oxyer: something's bothering me. And that's where now I just sit down and kind of write it all out.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh. Can you hear me. Yes, I can you hear me.
Bethany Oxyer: Okay. Yeah. Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Yep, yep.
Magalie Marcellus: So as the journaling.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, it just
Bethany Oxyer: Seems like it's stress.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So have you provided any of those letters to your children at all.
Bethany Oxyer: Yeah, I gave one to my son and my daughter. I've got here just to kind of express
Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: Hello.
Bethany Oxyer: Hello.
Magalie Marcellus: It.
Bethany Oxyer: Was like, that's when it fades out but then it comes right back when the wind.
Magalie Marcellus: Is Wendy in your area.
Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: You know those those signals they have, they, they decided when they want to work on it. Unfortunately,
Magalie Marcellus: See, so any slip up any triggers. Anything that bothered us since the last time we I met with you that could have jeopardize your recovery.
Bethany Oxyer: No, I just my, my main thing is I just I know if I go backwards. How much worse, it can be. And that's what I
Bethany Oxyer: Keep telling them in group when they say you know what keeps you on top of things that I mean
Bethany Oxyer: Other than you.
Bethany Oxyer: can't really say that can be worse. The boys or anything that that it is right now. It could be so much works in
Bethany Oxyer: Your backwards. And I just, there's, there's no desire. None whatsoever. None whatsoever. I'm just bound and determined that there's no going backwards.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And
Magalie Marcellus: So if you had to face any situation that may jeopardize. So what would you to
Bethany Oxyer: Just get away from the situation. I mean, I try not to put myself in in any situation that that would cause
Bethany Oxyer: You know, I don't go around the
Bethany Oxyer: Pretty much that that
Bethany Oxyer: influenced me and you know in to do and things that I should know. You know, I don't go around those kind of evil. I am when I start getting stressed out. That's when I get on top of it before it gets too much.
Bethany Oxyer: But you know, I, I just, I never really for recreation. Anyway, or for fun. It was just kind of something that happened and I didn't mean for it to
Bethany Oxyer: You know, I was on a lot of the doctor had me on a lot of pain medic. I lost my insurance and it was offered to me one day when I was just so sick. And that's just how it happened. And I just was never, I've never even drank. I never smoked. I never did any of that stuff before.
Bethany Oxyer: So something that I did recommend for fun or for party in or, you know, so I guess maybe it's a little easier for me to stay away from it than it is for some people just for that reason.
Magalie Marcellus: Because it wasn't a lifestyle for me.
Magalie Marcellus: So even
Magalie Marcellus: At the time when you were seeking. So keep your arm.
Magalie Marcellus: We put up pain so we'll leave your pain. Were you in any environment where that could you know trigger you to go back for, you know, to get whatever feeling that you are seeking at a time.
Magalie Marcellus: Because sometimes, some places that you know you may be driving or happened to be in certain areas and that may trigger some memories and that can also lead to, you know, you're having cravings, so
Magalie Marcellus: Reaching out for certain satisfaction because what you used to have with the drug.
Magalie Marcellus: So you don't that doesn't apply to what I'm hearing
Magalie Marcellus: Hi.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, so thank you.
Magalie Marcellus: Does that happen a lot in your group session to
Bethany Oxyer: That yeah you know as far as that lifestyle. I was I was never ever in that lifestyle. I never understood addiction. I never understood why people just couldn't
Magalie Marcellus: lock yourself in a room.
Bethany Oxyer: And get over it.
Bethany Oxyer: Like it and I learned, real quick, not to judge people but
I
Bethany Oxyer: You know, I, to this day, I just, I don't, I don't have anything to do with that I used to live around neighbors that were into it and they're the ones that kind of got me into it. I don't live around them anymore. So that's not a trigger. It's not even
Magalie Marcellus: Anything that's too.
Magalie Marcellus: So I just
Bethany Oxyer: Have no desire to go out looking for it.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you're not around the environment, the people you know those circumstances that us to lead to us.
Bethany Oxyer: Right.
Okay, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I know that last time we talked
Magalie Marcellus: You were in
Bethany Oxyer: Class, people think they're helping you by introducing you but they're not
Magalie Marcellus: Right, right, cuz I guess they felt that that was gonna well sometimes people look for other people to be
Magalie Marcellus: To participate in certain activities with them, even though it could be negative. So any fee if it's something that you are seeking there'll be like the perfect opportunity for you to go along, whatever door. Yeah.
Bethany Oxyer: Now if I, they said that if I go out with my husband with my daughter, my grandson.
Magalie Marcellus: And things that
Bethany Oxyer: Make me realize that there's there's more to life.
Magalie Marcellus: What's important to you right now.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. I know. Last time we talked, we talked about the eventually for you to go back to your doctor. Have you made any contact here though. Where are you with that.
Bethany Oxyer: Yeah yeah I'm going back to the doctor and they're getting me on some antidepressants. They've tried me on some Wellbutrin which I was on it before and didn't have a whole lot of luck. But that's what they wanted to try. So, you know,
Bethany Oxyer: I'm not the doctor. So we'll try it and see what they what they think.
Magalie Marcellus: Is your primary doctor prescribing
Bethany Oxyer: Is that your primary that's
Bethany Oxyer: What was it I didn't, I'm sorry. I couldn't hear you.
Magalie Marcellus: Though what the future is that from your primary doctor, which is prescribing them. Yes.
Bethany Oxyer: Yeah, the primary
Magalie Marcellus: And they put me
Bethany Oxyer: Yep, they put me back on this Synthroid and I think I am feeling a little bit better from that.
Bethany Oxyer: And see if the house I just seem like I'm sleeping a little
Bethany Oxyer: Better my energy levels are starting to come back up. They said it takes some time.
Magalie Marcellus: You say central
Magalie Marcellus: The medication.
Bethany Oxyer: Synthroid yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. And what's this one was a generic or something.
Bethany Oxyer: The Synthroid for my thyroid
Magalie Marcellus: The thyroid. OK. OK.
Magalie Marcellus: I know you needed to follow up on that. Okay, good. And do you have anything else scheduled or any follow up schedule.
Bethany Oxyer: Yeah.
Bethany Oxyer: I forget the exact date, but it's in about three weeks.
Magalie Marcellus: In three weeks. Okay, good.
Magalie Marcellus: For anything else that you any other medical things that you're following up with besides those which I mentioned
Bethany Oxyer: Know right now. These aware that I'm on the the Suboxone and
Bethany Oxyer: Explain that to them explain the reason was honest and you know I was afraid they wouldn't treat me but you know they said no, that was fine. At least I'm getting help.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, they couldn't do a
Bethany Oxyer: narcotic. Of course, which
Bethany Oxyer: Is fine. I don't need anything. But as long as I can get. You know, I think the depression. The thyroid and blood pressure, that kind of thing under control.
Bethany Oxyer: I think I'll feel better. I think it'll
Magalie Marcellus: Definitely, and pretty soon. When do you plan to move when what was the time frame that you guys are looking out for your place.
Bethany Oxyer: Well with a whether it's kind of put us behind moving the rest of our stuff that
Bethany Oxyer: Next couple weeks to be totally
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Bethany Oxyer: And what's your husband's already been and
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, he's got
Bethany Oxyer: The same guy.
Bethany Oxyer: Is it back at work, working with the same guy doing some remodeling. Yeah.
Bethany Oxyer: Just remind you
Bethany Oxyer: That back in the truck or anything. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. But he's doing something because I know before I couldn't do much activity so
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, he's not working like
Bethany Oxyer: 10 or 12 hours a day.
Bethany Oxyer: Seven hours a day, pretty much. It kind of wears you down.
Magalie Marcellus: Six and seven. Yeah, that's like a full day of work answer is, you know, if you're doing physical work. So that's it.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, have a toll on the body.
Magalie Marcellus: You say he's following is
Magalie Marcellus: The treatment for the diabetes. It sounds like his children a lot better than the way was
Magalie Marcellus: That's good.
Bethany Oxyer: Oh no. And so what we've cut it in half so
Magalie Marcellus: Making progress that says big progress. Yeah, for sure. And, you know, sounds like you and hopefully that you can get started with that the census and get that
Lined
Magalie Marcellus: Up.
Magalie Marcellus: Any plans for I was
Bethany Oxyer: I was a little depressed and down that they moved it back but somethings better than nothing, knowing that it's coming up is something
Magalie Marcellus: By at least you know you you have a big give you an offer and everything cleared to just waiting for to get gone
Magalie Marcellus: And in the meantime, you still don't do the clean the house.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you go with somebody else or
Right.
Bethany Oxyer: Now,
Bethany Oxyer: Working for the same guy. Okay, he's got this guy. He's just hired us to to work for him doing some rental properties and things redoing them.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh. Okay. All right. Well, that's good. That's like this is something to keep us occupied as well.
Magalie Marcellus: So hopefully the weather even better for you guys. Uh huh. Yeah.
Bethany Oxyer: I was
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, so yes and get going, you know, get, get some your place you know a little bit more stable housing and things like that, but had things
Magalie Marcellus: Over with your daughter along because it sounds like you guys making good progress. So I things over.
And
Bethany Oxyer: Oh, I would say 90% better than what it was.
Magalie Marcellus: Several months ago.
Magalie Marcellus: I mean, I'm sure she
Bethany Oxyer: You know she knows what happened and and it was alone to where she just never expected it for me. But, you know,
Bethany Oxyer: She I think she trusts me and everything now wholeheartedly.
Bethany Oxyer: She knows that I'm bound and determined. There's no going back. And she knows why it happened. She knows I was out partying and running bars or doing anything crazy
Bethany Oxyer: I don't want to say it was my fault. I know it was my fault, but you know it was for different reasons than a lot of people I think end up you know trapped in the cycle.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. And I, you know, the fact that she's she knows that you're working on yourself and making sure that you stay on track and that's all that a family member can ask for and you gotta be honest with
Bethany Oxyer: Them and
Magalie Marcellus: Keep working on yourself.
Magalie Marcellus: Any other thing that you thought that we needed to address or that bothered you since the last time we met.
Bethany Oxyer: Nope, just if I can get this dorm whether to clear
Magalie Marcellus: And I want you to get flooded.
Magalie Marcellus: Get connected with the rest of the state and all that water going on I'm
Bethany Oxyer: Missing the Florida weather in a way
Magalie Marcellus: Where you're in Florida at some point.
Bethany Oxyer: Yeah yeah we live there, about a year and a half ago we live there for a little over a year.
Magalie Marcellus: We really had more to do flat in
Bethany Oxyer: My husband had a job offer down there for a while.
Magalie Marcellus: He was driving for Amazon.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Bethany Oxyer: We moved down there, he run down there for a little while. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I'm sure you missed in that
Magalie Marcellus: That that CO and even though
Magalie Marcellus: But it's
Magalie Marcellus: It's manageable. So
Magalie Marcellus: Wow.
Magalie Marcellus: Hopefully, things get a lot better soon.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you guys with the weather and everything else.
Bethany Oxyer: You know, break
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, they can. We can only get better than the way it is right now.
Magalie Marcellus: And you doing Groupon and still once a week.
Bethany Oxyer: Yep. On Tuesdays.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you on once a week. So I guess I made sure
Bethany Oxyer: She said she said every two weeks, but I still sign on every week.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, good for you. Okay. But, you know, you know, at least this Sala
Magalie Marcellus: A support. So I know a lot of people still crying, even though they don't need the medication, but it's still, you know, just to keep up with them. Get that support and reinforcement with other peers that are going through the same thing, but that's good that you're able to do that.
Magalie Marcellus: I guess this is all for tonight I'm
Magalie Marcellus: Just gonna leave it open. If you want me to schedule you something you can let me know. Otherwise, we're probably gonna do like once a week, just to check in. Once a month.
Magalie Marcellus: Just to check in and see where you are and if there's anything prior to our next meeting. We can always, you can always reach out to me. Let me see. Do you want to schedule it now or do you want
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Bethany Oxyer: I'll tell you what, with work and everything coming up. Let me wait because I'm not sure.
Magalie Marcellus: They were saying in the morning I
Bethany Oxyer: Do, and I don't want to do something just to have right
Magalie Marcellus: Because we prefer you know
Bethany Oxyer: If I
Magalie Marcellus: Can agree with me.
Bethany Oxyer: Yeah, I'll just, if I can, within the next week, I should know something, and
Bethany Oxyer: I love to have your scheduling. You know, I can let them know what days I'm available and they can let you know. And you can forward me an email or however. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, you know, that's that sounds good. So just wants to have a better idea of your schedule. You can email me and I can see how to fit you for my schedule. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: But in the meantime.
Magalie Marcellus: If anything come up that you need to talk just reach out to myself or virtual clinic so they can schedule you info session. Okay. All right. Well,
Bethany Oxyer: Thank you. I
Magalie Marcellus: Love the good work. Okay. You take care
Magalie Marcellus: All right.
Bethany Oxyer: All right. Thank you.
Magalie Marcellus: Have a good evening, welcome it. So thanks.